# CampusConnect-project5
PROJECT 5 -BANK ACCOUNT ANALYSIS

#Guidelines

This project is to be done after completing Module 5
Learners are suggested to use Eclipse IDE and Oracle for project development
It is an extension of Project IV - Bank Accounts
Suggested duration: 64 person-hours (4 learners can do in 2 days)
Suggested team size: 4

#Objectives

After completing this project, a learner should be able to extend a given object oriented design and database design and implement advanced database operations through Python application.
Classes and Objects in Python
Relationships amongst Classes – is-a, has-a, uses-a
UML Class diagram
Python – Oracle Integration
Advanced Database Operations and clauses in SQL
Joins – Inner Join, Outer Join and Self Join
Sub Queries – Independent and Correlated

#BANK ACCOUNT ANALYSIS

Project IV on Bank Accounts offers Savings and Current account facilities to its customers.
We also hear about banks offering facilities like Loans and Fixed Deposits.
This project is to extend the previously developed banking application to support loan and fixed deposit services to its customers.
As the business of the bank gets diversified, the bank administration would always want to monitor the extent of services provided by the bank to its customers.
Specification
The Bank also provides following services:
Customers can open a Fixed Deposit (FD) account with the bank
FD Account number is auto-generated by the bank on opening of a new FD.
Customer can deposit money to FD account and can specify the term or duration of the FD.
A Customer can have more than one FD accounts as well. FD account no.s will be linked to the customer-id.
Minimum FD balance is Rs.1000 and min deposit term is 12 months.
Customers can avail Loan from the bank:
Loan Account Number is auto generated on disbursal of a new loan.
Customer can specify the loan amount and the repayment term
A Customer can avail more than one loan from the bank. Loan account no. will be linked to the customer-id via savings account of that customer. Maximum Loan Amount eligible = 2 * balance in Savings account at the time of availing the loan.
The admin should be able to extract reports on FD accounts in the bank
The admin should be able to extract reports on loans disbursed from the bank
What needs to be done:
Extend the OO model already created for Project-4 to support Fixed Deposit and Loan functionalities
Identify new Classes, respective attributes and relationships among classes
Modify the UML Class diagram created for Project-4
Write code for newly identified classes & methods, and given use cases
Extend the DB model already designed in Project-4 to support Loan and Fixed Deposit functionalities
Identify the new tables, respective fields and relationships among tables
Create tables
Execute given use cases
Application should show menu based choices as shown ahead for each of the given use cases. The modified menu options and respective use cases are highlighted in different color. Rest of the use cases remain unchanged though sequence of options is adjusted.
After displaying result of a use case, appropriate menu should appear again and prompt for user’s choice. Populate tables with sample data for testing
